chore(github): new issue and PR templates (#1176)
cssnano/cssnano: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/pull_request_template.md

### Summary

> This pull request aims to... (add your summary here)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please describe the changes in this pull request
```

> ### Motivation / Context

Reviewer: I propose to change this and the line above to make the difference between the two fields clearer.
I have the feeling what we really want is motivation.

```suggestion
### Motivation
```

> Please fill in any additional context. E.g. why should what you describe above be changed?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please explain why you think the changes are an improvement.
```

> ### Are you introducing a breaking change?

Reviewer: I suggest to make this a little less personal, otherwise it might sound like an interrogation
```suggestion
### Does this pull request introduce a breaking change?
```

Author: Interesting and good point! 👍
